README.md, before:

# Terraria RetroAchievements

Terraria tModLoader mod that integrates Terraria with RetroAchievements, a website to earn and track achievements in classic games.

Login to RetroAchievements using the chat command: `/ra login <user> <pass>`. Once you enter a world, you can open the chat prompt by typing `Enter`. If you don't already have a RetroAchievements account, you can create one for free at RetroAchievements.org.

**If applicable, reset all previously earned local in-game achievements at the start of a new playthrough using the chat command: `/cheevos reset all`.**

## New Chat Commands
- `/cheevos reset all` - Reset progress for all local achievements
- `/cheevos reset <achievement_title>` - Reset progress for a single local achievement
- `/ra host` - Get the current RA host
- `/ra login <user> <pass>` - Login an RA user
- `/ra logout` - Logout an RA user
- `/ra rp` - Get the current RA Rich Presence

## Supported Achievement Mods
- Completionist Achievements
- Player Achievements
- World Achievements

## Challenge Mode
Are you up for an extra challenge? Challenge Mode is enabled by default, and enforces an extra set of restrictions that are defined below. It can disabled in the settings. When enabled, Hardcore achievements will be unlocked on RetroAchievements.

### Challenge Mode Restrictions
- No Journey Mode
- No Celebrationmk10 Seed
- No Multiplayer
- No External Players/Worlds
- No External Mods (see below for exceptions)

### Challenge Mode Whitelisted Mods
- Auto Reforge
- Better Boss Health Bar
- Boss Checklist
- Calamity Mod Extra Music
- Census - Town NPC Checklist
- Item Checklist
- Lights And Shadows
- Magic Storage (Compatability Warning: Crafting within a Magic Storage container will not unlock achievements)
- Munchies - Consumables Checklist
- Recipe Browser
- Smarter Cursor
- Wikithis

## Credits
- timenoe - Developer
- BahamutVoid - Design Feedback, Testing
- Gollawiz - Painting Sprite
- Searo - Design Feedback, Testing
- SubliminalSiren - Testing

Commit message:

Push updates - Added a chat command to unlock local achievements that are already unlocked on RA - Specified Hardcore in the welcome message if applicable - Prevented unlocks of Softcore achievements that are already unlocked on RA

README.md, after:

# Terraria RetroAchievements

Terraria tModLoader mod that integrates Terraria with RetroAchievements, a website to earn and track achievements in classic games.

Login to RetroAchievements using the chat command: `/ra login <user> <pass>`. Once you enter a world, you can open the chat prompt by typing `Enter`. If you don't already have a RetroAchievements account, you can create one for free at RetroAchievements.org.

**If applicable, reset all previously earned local in-game achievements at the start of a new playthrough using the chat command: `/cheevos reset all`.**

## New Chat Commands
- `/cheevos reset all` - Reset progress for all local achievements
- `/cheevos reset <achievement_title>` - Reset progress for a single local achievement
- `/ra host` - Get the current RA host
- `/ra login <user> <pass>` - Login an RA user
- `/ra logout` - Logout an RA user
- `/ra rp` - Get the current RA Rich Presence
- `/ra sync` - Unlock local achievements that are already unlocked on RA

## Supported Achievement Mods
- Completionist Achievements
- Player Achievements
- World Achievements

## Challenge Mode
Are you up for an extra challenge? Challenge Mode is enabled by default, and enforces an extra set of restrictions that are defined below. It can disabled in the settings. When enabled, Hardcore achievements will be unlocked on RetroAchievements.

### Challenge Mode Restrictions
- No Journey Mode
- No Celebrationmk10 Seed
- No Multiplayer
- No External Players/Worlds
- No External Mods (see below for exceptions)

### Challenge Mode Whitelisted Mods
- Auto Reforge
- Better Boss Health Bar
- Boss Checklist
- Calamity Mod Extra Music
- Census - Town NPC Checklist
- Item Checklist
- Lights And Shadows
- Magic Storage (Compatability Warning: Crafting within a Magic Storage container will not unlock achievements)
- Munchies - Consumables Checklist
- Recipe Browser
- Smarter Cursor
- Wikithis

## Credits
- timenoe - Developer
- BahamutVoid - Design Feedback, Testing
- Gollawiz - Painting Sprite
- Searo - Design Feedback, Testing
- SubliminalSiren - Testing
